com/boops/boops/service_connectors/SessionServiceConnection.java
 com.boops.boops.service_connectors.SessionServiceConnection
com/boops/boops/views/logger/LogMessageAdapter.java
 com.boops.boops.views.logger.LogMessageAdapter
com/boops/boops/activities/EndpointActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.EndpointActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.EndpointActivity$1
com/boops/boops/helpers/IntentProxyToContentProvider.java
 com.boops.boops.helpers.IntentProxyToContentProvider
com/boops/boops/EndpointAdapter.java
 com.boops.boops.EndpointAdapter
 com.boops.boops.EndpointAdapter$1
 com.boops.boops.EndpointAdapter$OnEndpointSelectListener
com/boops/boops/providers/Provider.java
 com.boops.boops.providers.Provider
com/boops/boops/activities/ConnectorActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.ConnectorActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.ConnectorActivity$1
 com.boops.boops.activities.ConnectorActivity$2
 com.boops.boops.activities.ConnectorActivity$IncomingFingerprintHandler
com/boops/boops/models/ServerSettings.java
 com.boops.boops.models.ServerSettings
com/boops/boops/activities/MainActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity$1
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity$2
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity$3
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity$4
 com.boops.boops.activities.MainActivity$5
com/boops/boops/views/ServerListRowView.java
 com.boops.boops.views.ServerListRowView
 com.boops.boops.views.ServerListRowView$1
 com.boops.boops.views.ServerListRowView$OnServerViewListener
com/boops/boops/service_connectors/IncomingReplyHandler.java
 com.boops.boops.service_connectors.IncomingReplyHandler
com/boops/boops/BuildConfig.java
 com.boops.boops.BuildConfig
com/boops/boops/services/ConnectorService.java
 com.boops.boops.services.ConnectorService
 com.boops.boops.services.ConnectorService$IncomingHandler
com/boops/boops/service_connectors/ServerServiceConnection.java
 com.boops.boops.service_connectors.ServerServiceConnection
com/boops/boops/services/SessionService.java
 com.boops.boops.services.SessionService
 com.boops.boops.services.SessionService$IncomingHandler
com/boops/boops/activities/AboutActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.AboutActivity
com/boops/boops/activities/SettingsActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.SettingsActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.SettingsActivity$1
 com.boops.boops.activities.SettingsActivity$2
 com.boops.boops.activities.SettingsActivity$3
 com.boops.boops.activities.SettingsActivity$4
com/boops/boops/receivers/StartMainActivityReceiver.java
 com.boops.boops.receivers.StartMainActivityReceiver
com/boops/boops/services/ClientService.java
 com.boops.boops.services.ClientService
 com.boops.boops.services.ClientService$1
 com.boops.boops.services.ClientService$2
com/boops/boops/service_connectors/ClientServiceConnection.java
 com.boops.boops.service_connectors.ClientServiceConnection
com/boops/boops/views/EndpointListView.java
 com.boops.boops.views.EndpointListView
com/boops/boops/views/logger/LogMessageRowView.java
 com.boops.boops.views.logger.LogMessageRowView
com/boops/boops/services/ServerService.java
 com.boops.boops.services.ServerService
 com.boops.boops.services.ServerService$1
 com.boops.boops.services.ServerService$2
com/boops/boops/receivers/StartServiceReceiver.java
 com.boops.boops.receivers.StartServiceReceiver
com/boops/boops/models/EndpointManager.java
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager$1
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager$2
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager$OnDatasetChangeListener
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager$OnEndpointStatusChangeListener
 com.boops.boops.models.EndpointManager$SQLiteSerializer
com/boops/boops/views/EndpointListRowView.java
 com.boops.boops.views.EndpointListRowView
com/boops/boops/activities/ServerActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.ServerActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.ServerActivity$1
com/boops/boops/views/ConnectorStatusIndicator.java
 com.boops.boops.views.ConnectorStatusIndicator
 com.boops.boops.views.ConnectorStatusIndicator$1
 com.boops.boops.views.ConnectorStatusIndicator$2
com/boops/boops/Agent.java
 com.boops.boops.Agent
com/boops/boops/activities/EndpointSettingsActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.EndpointSettingsActivity
 com.boops.boops.activities.EndpointSettingsActivity$1
com/boops/boops/views/CheckListItemView.java
 com.boops.boops.views.CheckListItemView
com/boops/boops/activities/StartBroadcastActivity.java
 com.boops.boops.activities.StartBroadcastActivity
